Log Record: 0x8000

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8010

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8020

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8030

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8040

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8050

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8060

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8070

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8080

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8090

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80A0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80B0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80C0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80D0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80E0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x80F0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8100

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8110

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8120

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8130

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8140

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8150

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8160

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8170

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8180

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x8190

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81A0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81B0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81C0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81D0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81E0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

Log Record: 0x81F0

hourmeter = 16777215 h
alarm_daily = Today's controller self-diagnostic alarms:
	RTS open
	RTS shorted
	RTS disconnected
	Ths open
	Ths shorted
	SSMPPT hot
	Current limit
	Current offset
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Uncalibrated
	RTS miswire
	Undefined
	Undefined
	Miswire
	FET open
	P12
	High Va current limit
	Alarm 19
	Alarm 20
	Alarm 21
	Alarm 22
	Alarm 23
	Alarm 24
Vb_min_daily = 200.00 V
Vb_max_daily = 200.00 V
Ahc_daily = 6553.50 Ah
Ahl_daily = 6553.50 Ah
array_fault_daily = Today's solar input self-diagnostic faults:
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	Battery HVD
	Array HVD
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	RTS shorted
	RTS was valid, now disconnected
	Local temperature sensor failed
	Fault 10
	Fault 11
	Fault 12
	Fault 13
	Fault 14
	Fault 15
	Fault 16
load_fault_daily = Today's load output self-diagnostic faults:
	External short circuit
	Overcurrent
	FETs shorted
	Software bug
	HVD
	Heatsink over-temperature
	EEPROM setting edit (reset required)
	Fault 8
Va_max_daily = 200.00 V

